Okay! Professors, Thank you for the opportunity to introduce myself.
I am Mayan, a twenty three years old boy.I come from Hebei Handan. After graduated from the Liren Department of Yan Shan University in July two thousands-fourteen and got the electrical engineering and automation bachelor degree, currently, I am a master's sophomore in this famous university and my major is computer science. Because of My parents worked in Jizhong Energy Resources Co Ltd (Company Limited). Becoming a student of China University of Mining and Technology of Beijing is a very enviable. So I expecially cherish the chance.
And I have a very helpful habit, it help me to overcome many difficulties in my life. The habit is separate target into severals goals and then divide these goals into  plans that I can catch up with in few times.
So I separate this introduction into three sections to let you know about me.
Section 1:
What did I do in the past two years.
Firstly, at the beginning, I found my programming ability is so poor that I can't practice my thoughts. So in the past two years, I spent lots of time on programming ,and now I feel very confidents with my programming. As a freshman, I can only use the C programming language. Contrastively, now I can expertly use
C, C++, Objective-C, python.
Secondly, When I was learning programming, Machine Learning,  and reading papers , I found many Chinese papers and books's quantity is poor. So it is necessary for me to enhance my english level. For example, I have pass the CET 6 in December, two thousands and fifteen. And now, I often read the Economist with a little help with dictionary.
The most important thing for me, thanks the help of Lk, cfs, the friends of github.com. They guide me to a machine learning field. And with their help , I wrote a paper pressed in .....

Section 2: Advantages
About programming I am very confident with that, because I know how to solve the project issue, how to find the solution of the problem that I can't solve, such as use the github, and stack overflow.
I find a effective way to learn a new technique. Benefited with the habit separating the target, I study the objective-C only use four days ,and use two weeks to finish a test project.
Because I had got the electrical engineering and automation bachelor degree, the thoughts to solve a algorithm problem is different, I knew some sensors weakness, this provide me a different way to think about problem.

Section 3:the future
In the future, I will focus on human abnormal activities analysis. It uses statistic learning methods , machine learning methods and computer vision method. And I had started this period learning. And I need times to accomplish my ideas. So please give me a opportunity to study for doctoral degrees。
